Update the API-Documentation ADR to reflect the latest swagger changes (#192)
microsoft/ccf-app-samples: data-reconciliation-app/docs/adr/09-api-documentation.md

Currently, CCF implementation lacks the methodology for deploying the different options supported by OpenAPI as a part of the application bundle `app.json`, like (info, schemes, security definitions, and host).

### Option2: New Swagger UI

Create two new endpoints as part of the application API
 - /app/swagger.json: return an OpenAPI documentation in json formate.
 - /app/swagger: return the html for swagger-ui which will a UI based on the OpenAPI documentation

> Note: Currently, CCF `/app/api` OpenAPI documentation endpoint implementation lacks the methodology for deploying the different options supported by OpenAPI specifications as a part of the application bundle `app.json`, like (info, schemes, security definitions, and host), when the issues are solved, the `/app/swagger.json` will be replaced by the built-in ccf endpoint `/app/api`

Reviewer: Can we link this to an issue in ccp repo?

Author: I've added a new [issue](https://github.com/orgs/microsoft/projects/542/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=19425859) in our Repo and will discuss it with Amaury tomorrow, before convert it to issue on the Main CCF Repo

## Decision

We will go with the second option because:
- Gives a better developer experience to document, explore and test the application endpoints.
- Will evolve and be updated automatically because it is part of the application.

> - leverage the built-in features for swagger-ui like authentication using JWT or mutual TLS Certs 

Reviewer 2: Nit: 
```suggestion
- Leverage the built-in features for swagger-ui like authentication using JWT or mTLS 
```
